---
layout: post
title: joke ~ chastity belt
description: A story. Based on a song. By a beautiful band called Chastity Belt. 
tag: joke
published: true
---

<iframe src="https://open.spotify.com/embed/track/2sOFb3iokT8caudADc3ZnN" height="200" width="500" frameborder="0"> </iframe>

Legal weed, what a fucking trip. 

A few decades ago this shit would have me in prison. Black as night, caught with the ganja, my ass would be locked up, and the trial would be a shitty version of Judge Judy -- on in the background, no one paying attention. 

But aye. In line at the dispensary. Couple hours, fuck it. Nothing to do today. Nothing to do, ever. A couple friends will meet me at Dolores park after I pick up some of my (almost) Trump-approved cannabis. They're dope, we'll kick it for a while, laying on our asses. Can't wait.

I get a couple looks in line, mostly white folks here. Some ladies who want it (meaning they'd like to share a home cooked meal); people of color are doing well with white women these days. Things are changing, probably not for very deep reasons... maybe for deep reasons. 

When I was in college, everyone thought I fucked a lot, but really, I just went soft in a few girls who I didn't want to sleep with, over four years, and that was that. Still worked out at the gym, played basketball, but didn't get a ton of interest. Was upsetting at the time. Nbd, now. 

Also some dudes giving me that look. 

Oh, you're here. 

Yup. What's good, my man, I signal back. He softens, it's good. 

These are the only little dividers in this line, and even those go away with a little effort. We're all together, in line to get government sanctioned marijuana. Dope days ahead.
 
I'm picturing the park, seeing my friends, and relaxing. I'm relaxing now, even in line to get it. Dolores Park is beautiful, and even though I go rather frequently, I make an effort for it to not get old. A majestic place, really. 

I also travel enough, doing remote work as a machine learning engineer and data scientist (who wears dope internet-purchased clothing a la Frank&Oak), that I can have some perspective when returning to SF.

Remote work means I bounce for a week or two and come back whenever. I'm good as fuck at my job, and am not intimidated by Neural Networks, which are not much more than fancy versions of drawing a curve skillfully through a couple points on a piece of paper.  

Being black in tech was a big deal, and the looks I get in the office sometimes are quite a bit more  pointed than the ones I get from dudes in line.  

Oh, you work here too. Diversity hire, I get it now. Wonder where he went to school, probably another quota acceptance. Wonder what his GPA was, probably grade inflation. Wonder if he knows this thing I know. Wonder if he knows that thing I don't know. 

That being said, there's craft beer in the fridge at my work. Every time I get one of these looks, I head over to the fridge, and crack one open. 

I pour it out in a little glass to drink it bit by bit. The glass is maybe four times smaller than a regular stein, and has these little circles around it from bottom to top, great circles. 

Lately, I've been on Saisons. Yeah, we have that Belgian shit at work. As I drink, their look dissolves in my mind -- I earned that fucking beer. That fucking sensation. It softens, they're insecure, I get it. 

Again I return to thinking about my friends at the park, and take my phone out to see if there are any logistics to be figured out. Elizabeth, a friend from school who moved out here four years ago as well, planned things out and set a time. She's dope. There's a group message and we exchange confirmations, and I ask what type of shit they'd like. 

We're going Indica, some shit from Hawaii. I haven't smoked that much up until this point, only knowing about the division between Inthecouch and the other one. Somehow, it didn't feel right that people were still getting their lives ruined for consuming and selling a green plant, one that might as well have been growing in Dolores Park, if not for different conditions.

Moreover, these people caught with these green plants were usually themselves the color black. Or brown. And a dope spectrum between.  Hit home, but it's legal here, and that's a step. Don't need to go the full way, somehow, and free every person encarcerated in that silly and sad way. I'm good to consume it now, that's fine. 

I look at everyone in the line and see my friends in them. They're laughing, ready to relax, take a load off. They've got lives, jobs, families, things to do, and things they're excited about. They have stresses too. Work worry. Job Anxiety. Fear of being alone (fear of death). Human empathy. Concern for others. They're all dope. 

I take a step forward in my Allbirds. I earned those, too, and enjoy them. They're expensive, but I give to charity too, more in the future, inspired by Effective Altruism. My budget's tuned for today, hopefully tomorrow, too. It's all a work in progress. 

In college, I was down; high school, too. Being an _other_ -- or so I thought -- kept me from connecting. 

Later I realized: we're all _others_. 

(sync w/ chorus)

I'm in li - ine,
	 and I feel fi -ine.
	 		All the ti - ime. 

That shit set my world on fyuuuu - uu - uur 

I hadn't even gotten the weed, or smoked yet.

And I felt fi -ine.  
	All the ti -ime. 

Everything's smoke.  

							_We can set our world on fyuuuu - uu - uuu - ur_



 
